the Alouettes looking to record a
perfect season than here at Molson
Stadium now rematch of last week when
the Bombers manhandled the Alouettes in
Winnipeg
Alex Erna the kickoff Larry Taylor finds
the right
Taylor brings it to the 35
Neal McKinley has it and the Blue
Bombers immediately have the football as
Larry Taylor coughs up the football on
the opening kickoff
nowhere to go as this Montreal defense
has something to prove has only missed
once from inside the 40 this season and
he's good there the last game and a half
is he yet significant duty against
Hamilton the week before as well okay
cool
they see tons of time over the top
and he brings it to the 40-yard line
what has already over thousand two more
today chomping on trouble he's
brought down and there's the Blue Bomber
defense rising up as they did last week
43 yard attempt and hooking a little bit
that's true brought back for the Blue
Bombers bottles this in trouble the
slipping about running and gets it away
talk about the veteran savvy
I was lucky that he did not have that
blocked trouble handling the snap on the
punt gets Troy westward and out of his
rhythm and the cover guys rely on that
rhythm
they started second down in the end zone
is setting the cross the ball from him
just over a minute to go in the first
quarter
Khalil swings one mr. clutch been to his
own touched him finally Baron Simpson
had drags him down an odd import
receiver in the CFL but running
downfield wanted an interference call as
he was looking for Jamel Richardson
the Alouettes continue to drive second
and five Richard he brings him down
second and it looks like a round for
three and a half and there's the first
and again
richard simpson vulcan collided for
Calvillo to lead him with that pass
another quick
zero
Hawkins went to the one-yard line
sidearms want
and oldest Amy this first catch of the
afternoon little run the bombers have
been on over the last five weeks
has had nowhere to rumble today the
Larry Taylor fumble of day from great
field position wondered if it was going
to be another long day for the Alouettes
they led 24 to 9 head into the third
quarter a week ago we'll only go in the
second half
Pixies way up to the 45-yard line
Brad Reid absolutely silenced in the
first half
really nullified against the Alouettes
all year Bishop takes a deep ball
oxtail love that call
Titus Ryan on the first pass of the
second half from Michael Bishop by
powder
nice catch
their decision
is wide lights
Larry tailors decided to take it out
here he comes
down the sideline
whose mosquito
yeah
the key breaker Larry Taylor does it
again
Krum for another big gainer mcpherson at
the helm Colburn backfield
that will do it the Alouettes a perfect
home season the title to Toronto next
week that will host the E's final and
the Winnipeg Blue Bombers their biggest
game of the season next week in Winnipeg
against Hamilton a playoff spot up for
grabs